hi everyone is that ahmat
I hope you are well
in any case I am very very good in
this video I will teach you to
clean your apple device without
lose your famous jailbreak intentions
before any manipulation please do
a backup of your device via the
itunes software that is in the
description and who is anyway
essential for your apple device
and do not hesitate to transfer to
this one your purchases you can also
for iphone back up your
signatures and bags know
thanks to the links in the
description for those who have the version
of the firm in 7.1 currently at the
date when I leave this video you
can not go back
of your device in seven points 0.6
otherwise subscribe to the channel to be
know about the next jailbreak
desimlock tips and so on
first of all to make this tutorial there
you need any device between
ios 5.0 and 7.0 points 6 because currently
the software that will allow us to do
cleaning supports that these versions
and as it evolves and
will support other versions by the
next you need the software to be mirrored
store which is available in the
description a usb cable to connect
your device and finally I invite you
strongly to look at the little text link
up in the description that sums up what
is told on the official website not to
regret what you are going to do a
once you own all these
conditions you can restore your
idevice thanks to the tutorial that will follow
so you have the software to undergo
story you just downloaded
in the description on your computer
which will allow you to restore your
device without losing your jailbreak on
the screen you can see currently
my ipod touch with a few
applications and global break stadium
yesterday cydia and other apps that
I installed afterwards you click
so on this software
do not forget about the crafted as
as an administrator for not having
problem and if you encounter any
problems with this one test this
first you click right on then
you go into property
then you go into compatibility and
then put it in windows xp mode and
apply however for those who
have no problem open the
normally
connect your device to your
computer and wait for the software
recognize it
most importantly we have nothing to report
with apple for example itunes next
as soon as your device is recognized it's
simple you press semi restores the
several stages will take place it can be
that it takes a lot of time so
you but all that
certainly accelerated especially during
the processes please do not touch
your device
once finished to be blind store you
will display a message that the
cleanings is complete so you can
leave the software and configure it
like when you have it to the state
original once all this is done when
of activation you can even the
restore from a backup that
you did before with itunes
here is your iphone has been cleaned with
success without removing your valuable
jailbreak or cydia applications
if you encounter certain problems I
will not answer all the time in the
comments by cons I am
currently moderator on the forum of
blogo skweres here you can go there
register and we will be there for you
help and repair your beautiful toys
however I hope this video you
please do not hesitate to subscribe a
master a comment to express your
feelings
a gm if this tutorial served you or
you liked a favorite if you loved it
and finally share to contribute to my
youtube channel to the next for a
new video
babar
but OK